README.md, before:

# Academic Libraries as Data Quality Hubs

Academic libraries have a critical role to play as data quality hubs
on campus, based on the need for increased data quality to sustain
"e-science," and on academic libraries' record of providing
curation and preservation services as part of their mission to
provide enduring access to cultural heritage and to support
scholarly communication. Scientific data is shown to be
sufficiently at risk to demonstrate a clear niche for such services
to be provided. Data quality measurements are defined, and digital
curation processes are explained and mapped to these measurements in
order to establish that academic libraries already have sufficient
competencies "in-house" to provide data quality
services. Opportunities for improvement and challenges are
identified as areas that are fruitful for future research and
exploration.

Prepared for the NSF III #1247471 "Curating for Quality: Ensuring
Data Quality to Enable New Science" workshop in Arlington, Virginia
(September 2012).

# Download the PDF

Download [a pre-print copy of the article](https://scholarsphere.psu.edu/files/g732d898n).

# Copyright and License

Read [the copyright statement and license](/mjgiarlo/data-quality-paper/blob/master/LICENSE.md).

# Build the document from source

```bash
$ chmod +x builddoc.bash
$ builddoc.bash
```

Commit message:

replacing instances of 'scientific data' with 'research data' since this is not unique to the sciences

README.md, after:

# Academic Libraries as Data Quality Hubs

Academic libraries have a critical role to play as data quality hubs
on campus, based on the need for increased data quality to sustain
"e-science," and on academic libraries' record of providing curation
and preservation services as part of their mission to provide enduring
access to cultural heritage and to support scholarly
communication. Research data is shown to be sufficiently at risk to
demonstrate a clear niche for such services to be provided. Data
quality measurements are defined, and digital curation processes are
explained and mapped to these measurements in order to establish that
academic libraries already have sufficient competencies "in-house" to
provide data quality services. Opportunities for improvement and
challenges are identified as areas that are fruitful for future
research and exploration.

Originally prepared for the NSF III #1247471 "Curating for Quality:
Ensuring Data Quality to Enable New Science" workshop in Arlington,
Virginia (September 2012), the manuscript has since been revised and
reformatted.

# Download the PDF

Download [a pre-print copy of the article](https://scholarsphere.psu.edu/files/g732d898n).

# Copyright and License

Read [the copyright statement and license](/mjgiarlo/data-quality-paper/blob/master/LICENSE.md).

# Build the document from source

```bash
$ chmod +x builddoc.bash
$ builddoc.bash
```
