TODO.md, before:

# TODO

Riff on "research data is owned by institution, so it is in the best
interest of the institution to have central services around research
data" (look for source to establish that data is owned by inst. --
cite a handful of university policies, and perhaps look into
Bayh-Dole: p7 of
http://ori.hhs.gov/education/products/clinicaltools/data.pdf)

Look here for justification that central university services have a
niche, since gov't funding is tight and may endanger repositories
owned outside of central svcs:
http://www.nature.com/news/databases-fight-funding-cuts-1.11347

Make point that data quality hubs are useful when studies are being
investigated for fraud, or considered for retraction, since the
repository can be used as a reliable point of access and quality (to
some extent).  Could be a deterrent for submitting low-quality data.

Add footnote to sec. 1.1.1 first sentence, acknowledging exceptional
curation efforts outside of cultural heritage such as PDB, GenBank,
BMRB, Dryad, and others.

http://jlsc-pub.org/jlsc/authors.html

Commit message:

pull links from Twitter convo re data ownership into the TODOs

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

Riff on "research data is owned by institution, so it is in the best
interest of the institution to have central services around research
data" (look for source to establish that data is owned by inst. --
cite a handful of university policies, and perhaps look into
Bayh-Dole: p7 of
http://ori.hhs.gov/education/products/clinicaltools/data.pdf or OMB
circ A-110 sec 36, + B-D = univ owns data. http://1.usa.gov/P8Wktu or
mentions B-D & OMB Circular: http://1.usa.gov/Wfu0Fe or Off Research
Integrity US Dep HHS http://1.usa.gov/QBgEz9 pg 7.)

Look here for justification that central university services have a
niche, since gov't funding is tight and may endanger repositories
owned outside of central svcs:
http://www.nature.com/news/databases-fight-funding-cuts-1.11347

Make point that data quality hubs are useful when studies are being
investigated for fraud, or considered for retraction, since the
repository can be used as a reliable point of access and quality (to
some extent).  Could be a deterrent for submitting low-quality data.

Add footnote to sec. 1.1.1 first sentence, acknowledging exceptional
curation efforts outside of cultural heritage such as PDB, GenBank,
BMRB, Dryad, and others.

Fix up broken or weirdly formatted references

Change Wikipedia citations to footnotes

http://jlsc-pub.org/jlsc/authors.html
